docs: typo (#1480)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/actors/development/programming_interface/basic_commands.md

1. Use `exit()` with custom messages to inform users about the Actor's achievements or issues.

> 2. The `fail()` method emits `exit` event allowing components to perform cleanup or state persistence.

Reviewer: the `fail` method calls the `exit` method. both of them will issue `process.exit()` unless explicitly told not to (or better say, the `exit` method is the one doing this, `fail` just calls it), the difference is `fail` defaults to exit code 1.

https://github.com/apify/apify-sdk-js/blob/master/packages/apify/src/actor.ts#L292-L294

Reviewer 2: So we could change it to :
```suggestion
1. Use `exit()/``fail()`` with custom messages to inform users about the Actor's achievements or issues.
2. The `exit()`/`fail()` method emits `exit` event allowing components to perform cleanup or state persistence.
```
?

Or am I misunderstanding it?

Reviewer 2: Righ then maybe something like this, with bullets instead of ordered list

```suggestion
- Use `exit()` with custom messages to inform users about the Actor's achievements or issues.
- Use `fail()` as a shortcut for `exit()` when indicating an error. It defaults to an exit code of `1` and emits the `exit` event, allowing components to perform cleanup or state persistence.
- The `exit()` method also emits the `exit` event, enabling cleanup or state persistence.
```

Reviewer: yeah that's much better 👍
